In this video, we're going to start to put in place the sign up screen layout.
OK, so we're not going to retouch the functionality that much, but we're just going to implement the
layout of the composable of sign up screen.
All right.
So open up sign up screen.
The sign up screen file.
Let's remove the text that is there and we're going to put a few elements on our screen.
So first of all, I would like to put a Instagram logo at the top.
Then we're going to add the username, the email and the password, and we're going to have a button
to actually perform the signing.
And of course, we need to have a link to the log in screen in case the user already has an account
but just wants to log in.
OK, so let's go ahead and do that.
So I'm going to put here a box.
First of all, now the modifier is going to be modifier dot filled max size and inside my box I want
to put a column.
And here I will have a modifier equals modifier dot fill.
Max width.
OK, I want to dart wrap content, height.
OK, I just want the height of the elements and dot vertical scroll, and here I will have remember,
scroll state.
All right.
So I want to remember that scroll state in case we are our application is destroyed and recreated.
Now here inside, I'm going to have three states, so I'm going to have a valid username state that's
going to be.
Remember?
Of let's import that, remember.
Actually, we can put remember savable here.
And right, remove that.
So remember, savable of mutable state of.
And here we will have a text field.
Value.
OK, so we're going to use this state in our username tax field.
Remember savable, I'm going to duplicate that twice commandes the on my Mac, it's controlled the,
I think, on a PC.
In any case, user name state, the second one is going to be email state.
OK, I think the rest is the same.
And then we're going to have pass state for the password.
All right.
So I have my three states.
Let's go ahead and put some elements on the screen.
So first of all, I would like to have an image with a painter that's going to be painter resource.
And you will find if you downloaded the images attached to the Create Project lecture, you will have
an IG logo here.
Okay, so we're going to use that for our logo here at the top of the screen.
So it is going to be ah.
Now, when you import this AR function, our class, make sure you import the one from your project,
OK, so that we can have access to our jobs.
So our dot drobo dot IG underscore logo and description is going to be no.
Now, I'm just going to need a modifier here.
Modifier Dot, then he sort that format the code.
All right, so the modifier, I'm going to have a width of 250 dots dpi.
Make sure you import the dot DP dot padding is going to be six.
Padding at the top is going to be 16 dot DP.
And then the full padding is going to be eight dot DP.
OK, let's reformat the code and we have a nice image.
All right, so we have our image.
Let's add a text.
The text is going to be signed up.
OK.
The modifier is going to be modifier.
Dot padding of eight dot deep.
We're also going to have a font size of 30 dot SB.
OK.
Make sure you import the SB and then we're going to have a font family.
Let's say something like font family dot sans serif.
OK, format that code and we have a text.
Now we're going to need a few elements for our username, email and password.
So here I'm going to have an outlined text field.
With the value is going to be username dot value.
Oh, sorry, user name states don't value.
Now there's a small issue here.
OK, so my mistake mutable state of not set of immutable state of textual value.
OK, so now we have our outline text field with the value on value.
Change is going to be username states.
The value is going to be it.
OK, we're going to add a couple more things here, so we're going to have a modifier equals modifier
dot padding is going to be a deep.
And finally, we're going to have a label.
And this label will have a text.
With the text is going to be username.
OK, let's reformat the code, so we have our username fields.
OK, now we're going to need the exact same field two more times.
So I'm just going to copy and paste this twice, and we're just going to change whatever needs changing
here.
So the second one is going to be instead of username.
We're going to have our email states.
OK.
Email state, obviously we need to change or I need to change, you might have done this correctly.
So email state emails.
They don't value modifiers the same and then the label is going to be email.
All right, and the final one is going to be pass state, passed state, and here we're going to have
password.
The final one needs another element here and that is going to be visual transformation simply because
we need to hide the password.
OK, so the transformation is going to be password visual transformation.
OK.
Let's reformat the code, so we have our three seals, I think those are correct.
Email, email and pass pass password.
All right, that looks good.
Let's go ahead and create down below.
We're going to add a button.
And we're going to leave the oncolytic empty for now.
OK.
And we're just going to add a modifier.
After the oncolytic, we're going to add a modifier is going to be modifier dot padding eight or deep,
and then we have the on click.
All right.
And then inside the button, I'm just going to have a text that's going to say, Sign up.
That's looking good.
So I have my button and I would like to have a link that takes me to the log in screen as well.
So down below, I have a text.
The text says already a user question mark.
Go to log in and arrow.
Now the text has a few elements here, so I'm going to have a color equals color dot blue.
I will have a modifier modifier dot padding, eight dots deep.
And dot clickable.
And we're going to leave the quick, empty for now.
And I'm going to reformat the code.
So I think that is it.
Unless I've made some mistake, then that should be fine.
We're not actually using the NAF controller or the View model yet because we're not implementing the
functionality.
Let's just go ahead and run this and see what it looks like.
OK, so I've made a small mistake here, actually, textual value cannot be remembered using remember
savable, so we need to replace that with a simple remember.
OK, so if we run that?
Hopefully that will work this time.
OK, so we have our screen.
The only thing that I see is that we're not learning this correctly, so we need to put a alignment.
So inside our column here.
I'm going to have a horizontal alignment is going to be alignment dots centered horizontally.
OK, so let's go ahead and run that.
OK, so that is looking better.
One thing I want to check when we open the keyboard.
We need to be able to scroll up a bit because it covers some of our UI.
So in order to address that, it's quite simple.
Let's go in our Android Manifest file and down below in the activity.
I'm going to add a window soft input mode and we're going to have adjust, resize.
OK, so we're going to be able to scroll in this in this view.
So that's going to be valid for all the screens in our UI.
All right.
So let's run that again.
OK, so now if I type something here, I can also scroll the UI, which is really good, it's what we
are aiming to do.
All right.
So that's it for the UI.
In the next video, we will start to implement the functionality for this screen.